Internationalization
====================

One way you can get involved with our projects is through translation and
localizations efforts, helping us reach a broader international audience by
making meaningful, useful tools for digital preservation.

Here are the current efforts we help maintain for each project.

Acces to Memory (AtoM)
----------------------

Documentation
_____________

For the AtoM, here is `more information about contributing documentation translation <https://wiki.accesstomemory.org/wiki/Resources/Documentation/Contribute#Contribute_documentation_translations>`__.

User interface
______________

In AtoM documentation, there is a
`Translate section <https://accesstomemory.org/docs/latest/#translate>`__ on
how to translate both database contents and user interface elements in AtoM.

Archivematica
-------------

Documentation
_____________

At the moment speaking, there are some partial translations of Archivematica
documentation, but no guidelines to follow for doing one. You will find the
`.po files on GitHub <https://github.com/artefactual/archivematica-docs/tree/1.16/locale>`__.

User interface
______________

We not longer have a workflow to submit UI translations to the Archivematica
project. You can still translate the UI locally using this
`localization workflow <https://gist.github.com/sevein/7a58080779ea1318bbfe65040a5b4ca3>`__.
Please note that this workflow is not actively updated. If you find discrepancies,
contact us at `contributors@artefactual.com <mailto:contributors@artefactual.com>`__.

Enduro
------

There is no current internationalization effort for Enduro.
